README.md, before:

﻿A collection of documents that I have translated  
Коллекция документов, которые я переводил  
Una colección de documentos que he traducido  

## Русский → English

### Фёдор Сологуб (Fyodor Sologub)
 - [В плену (In Captivity)](http://peterolson.github.io/Translations/Russian/InCaptivity.html)
 
### Григорий Остер (Grigoriy Oster)
 
#### Дети и Эти (Kids and Such)
 - [Мужской туалет и красная пудренница (The Men’s Room and the Red Powder Box)](http://peterolson.github.io/Translations/Russian/PowderBox.html)
 - [Потеря (Lost)](http://peterolson.github.io/Translations/Russian/Lost.html)
 - [Бесценное платье без ценника (The Priceless Dress Without a Price)](http://peterolson.github.io/Translations/Russian/PricelessDress.html)
 - [Погремушки без сосок, когда на них орёшь (Rattles Without Pacifiers When You Scream)](http://peterolson.github.io/Translations/Russian/Rattles.html)

Commit message:

added translation of Pushkin poem

README.md, after:

﻿A collection of documents that I have translated  
Коллекция документов, которые я переводил  

## Русский → English

### Александр Пушкин (Alexander Pushkin)
 - 1823 - [Надеждой сладостной младенчески дыша (The savory hope of youthful inspiration)](http://peterolson.github.io/Translations/Russian/Pushkin_1823_SweetHope.html)
 
### Григорий Остер (Grigoriy Oster)
 
#### Дети и Эти (Kids and Such)
 - [Мужской туалет и красная пудренница (The Men’s Room and the Red Powder Box)](http://peterolson.github.io/Translations/Russian/PowderBox.html)
 - [Потеря (Lost)](http://peterolson.github.io/Translations/Russian/Lost.html)
 - [Бесценное платье без ценника (The Priceless Dress Without a Price)](http://peterolson.github.io/Translations/Russian/PricelessDress.html)
 - [Погремушки без сосок, когда на них орёшь (Rattles Without Pacifiers When You Scream)](http://peterolson.github.io/Translations/Russian/Rattles.html)
 
 ### Фёдор Сологуб (Fyodor Sologub)
 - [В плену (In Captivity)](http://peterolson.github.io/Translations/Russian/InCaptivity.html)
